Issue6753: Multi doc parse yaml (#6995)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* SECURITY: upgrade base docker image (Alpine) from 3.20.2 to 3.20.3. See [alpine 3.20.3 release notes](https://alpinelinux.org/posts/Alpine-3.17.10-3.18.9-3.19.4-3.20.3-released.html).

* FEATURE: all VictoriaMetrics [enterprise](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/enterprise/) components: add support of hot-reload for license key supplied by `-licenseFile` command-line flag.

> * FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): support for `Config` parsing multiple doc yaml to return all Groups. This is useful for cases when multiple docs are passed in one yaml

Reviewer: * FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): support multi-doc yaml parsing. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6753). Thanks to @Irene-123 for [the pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/6995).

> * FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): support for `Config` parsing multiple doc yaml to return all Groups. This is useful for cases when multiple docs are passed in one yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): support multi-doc yaml parsing. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6753). Thanks to @Irene-123 for [the pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/6995).
```
